# espressots-opinionated-experimetal

The espressots-opinionated-experimetal project is an initiative that seeks to explore the possibilities of a faster and more efficient build system for the expressots framework. Expressots is a TypeScript-based framework that facilitates the development of robust and scalable web applications. The experimental build system of the espressots-opinionated-experimetal project promises to be much more performant than the current version of expressots, but it is still in the testing and validation phase. Therefore, it is not recommended to use this project in production environments, as there may be bugs and inconsistencies. The expressots framework website (https://expresso-ts.com/) offers a detailed documentation on how to use expressots and its features.

## Server
The server runs on the http://localhost:3000. Opening this url, the server response is `"Hello from ExpressoTS App"`. This means that the server is working properly and ready to handle requests.

## Installation

To install the project dependencies, run the following command:

```bash
npm i
```

## Start
To start production read code in dist, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

Starts the application by running the index.js file in the dist folder.

## Development

To run the project in development mode, run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start nodemon, which will monitor the changes in the files and restart the server automatically.

## Build

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will use swc to transpile the TypeScript files into JavaScript and place them in the dist folder.

## Clean

To remove the artifacts, run the following command:

```bash
npm run clean
```

Removes the dist folder, which contains the files generated by swc.

## Lint

To check if the code is following the eslint and prettier rules, run the following command:

```bash
npm run lint
```

This will show the possible errors and warnings in the code and suggest how to fix them.


## Code style format

To format the code according to the eslint and prettier rules, run the following command:

```bash
npm run format
```

This will apply the code style rules to the files and make them more consistent and readable.
